Docs/add basic docs (#500)
sozialhelden/wheelmap-frontend: docs/03.embedding.md

# Embedding Wheelmap as a widget on other websites

You can embed the Wheelmap web app in any other website’s HTML like this:

```html
<iframe 
    style="width: 600px; height: 600px;" 
    src="https://wheelmap.org?embedded=true&embedToken=12345&lat=52.5212&lon=13.4104" 
    allow="geolocation"
></iframe>
```

Having the `embedded=true` query parameter attached to the URL ensures that the app renders less UI (no search, no header etc.). Add `allow="geolocation"` to let the `<iframe>` access the browser’s location feature.
Like the full app, the widget can initially position the map at a certain location defined by `lat` and `lon` URL parameters.

> The app disallows embedding via `<iframe>` if you provide no valid `embedToken` URL parameter. You can create an embed token on accessibility.cloud’s app admin interface (in the widget options).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The app only allows embedding via `<iframe>` if you provide a valid `embedToken` URL parameter. If you need this, [learn more about embedding Wheelmap into your website or app](https://news.wheelmap.org/en/promote-the-widget/).
```
